Yusei: NOW LET'S GET UP TO SPEED
WITH YU-GI-OH 5D'S.
MC: WE'VE REACHED THE
END OF THE SEMIFINALS.
IT ALL COMES DOWN
TO WHAT PROMISES
TO BE AN INCREDIBLE DUEL.
IN THEIR RESPECTIVE PITS,
THE LAST DUELISTS ARE WAITING.
WHO WILL EMERGE TRIUMPHANT?
YUSEI FUDO?
OR WILL IT BE HALLDOR?
Halldor: DIVINITY RISES.
BEHOLD, THE RULER OF ALL THINGS.
I SYNCHRO SUMMON THE ULTIMATE
NORDIC GOD, ODIN
FATHER OF THE AESIR.
Yusei:[THINKING]: AMAZING.
HE'S GOT THREE GOD CARDS.
THIS WILL TAKE
EVERYTHING I'VE GOT.
Lester: THE BATTLE BETWEEN
TEAM RAGNAROK AND TEAM 5D'S
IS BETTER THAN
WE COULD HAVE EVER HOPED.
JUST LOOK AT THE CIRCUIT SURGE.
AT THIS RATE,
ONCE WE REACH THE FINAL MATCH
THE CONNECTION WILL BE TEETERING
ON THE EDGE OF FULL COMPLETION.
AND SO WILL OUR MASTER PLAN.
Yusei: I PLAY
THE TRAP ZERO FORCE.
NOW, HALLDOR,
YOUR THREE NORDIC GODS ARE ABOUT
TO LOSE ALL OF THE POWER AND
MIGHT THEY EACH POSSESS.
THAT CAN'T BE.
BUT IF THEIR POINTS ARE ZERO,
THEY CAN NO LONGER ATTACK.
Dragan: NOT FAIR.
YUSEI'S OUTMANEUVERED THE GODS.
NOW, THAT WE'VE REACHED THIS
TURN'S END PHASE,
SHOOTING STAR DRAGON
RISES AGAIN.
AND WITH HIS RISE,
COMES YOUR FALL.
NOW GO SHOOTING STAR.
ATTACK!
[HALLDOR GROANING]
MC: SIMPLY SENSATIONAL.
THE DUEL IS OVER.
YUSEI HAS DONE IT.
AND NOW IT'S OFF
TO THE FINALS FOR TEAM 5D'S.
[♪...]
Man: ♪ GOING FAST
MAKES ME FEEL ALIVE ♪
♪ MY HEART BEATS
IN HYPER DRIVE ♪
♪ DO YOU THINK YOU CAN WIN? ♪
♪ ONLY IF I LOSE ♪
♪ JUST LET DESTINY CHOOSE ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHIN' ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMIN' ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWIN' ME AROUND ♪
♪ TAKE A SHOT AT ME,
RUNNIN' SIDE BY SIDE ♪
♪ IT'S A BLUR
AS I GO BY ♪
♪ I CAN HEAR YOU BREATHIN' ♪
♪ I CAN SEE YOU COMIN' ♪
♪ I CAN FEEL THE WIND ♪
♪ IT'S BLOWIN' ME AROUND ♪
♪ SEE THE SUN A-RISIN' ♪
♪ FIRE IN THE SKY ♪
♪ GREATNESS THRUSTS ITSELF
INTO OUR LIVES ♪
[SUSTAINED CHORD FADES]
Jakob: OUR MOMENT IS
FINALLY AT HAND.
THE CIRCUIT IS NEARLY COMPLETE.
THE SINGULARITY WE'VE BEEN
WAITING FOR WILL OCCUR
ONCE WE WIN THE WORLD RACING
GRAND PRIX FINALS.
WE MUST NOT FALTER.
WE CANNOT LOSE TO YUSEI
AND HIS MEDDLING LITTLE FRIENDS.
Primo: IN THAT CASE,
OUR YOU KNOW WHAT
SHOULD COME IN HANDY.
[CHUCKLES] ON THE DAY I WAS
"RE-ASSEMBLED"
ZONE THE CREATOR
TOLD ME ALL ABOUT
THE SECRET POWER WE POSSESS.
Lester: WE HAVE SECRET POWERS?
Lazar: SPECIAL DELIVERY.
RED BEAN NOODLES A-GO-GO
TO FUEL OUR FUTURE CHAMPIONS.
HELLO.
♪ HELLO ♪
Trudge: LAZAR?
HUH?
YOU'RE NOT WHO I EXPECTED
TO SEE HERE.
I'M BRINGING SNACKS
TO TEAM 5D'S.
ISN'T THIS A LITTLE BELOW
YOUR PAY GRADE?
Carly: SAY CHEESE.
HUH?
HEY, MOVE,
YOU'RE BLOCKING MY SHOT.
Mina: AND WHAT ARE
YOU DOING HERE?
I'M HERE TO SNAG STIRRING
NIGHT-BEFORE PHOTOS
OF THE THOUGHTFUL DUELISTS
GAZING AT THEIR DECKS
WITH EQUAL PARTS
COURAGE AND SELF DOUBT.
WAIT, WHERE IS EVERYONE?
DON'T KNOW.
THEY SEEM TO HAVE GONE OUT.
I BET I KNOW WHERE THEY WENT.
Leo: YOU GUYS SERIOUSLY SEE
A FLOATING ROCK IN THE SKY?
Luna: YEAH.
I THINK YOU GUYS ARE
MESSING WITH ME.
WE'RE NOT, I PROMISE.
WHATEVER IT IS, IT'S THERE, LEO.
AND IT'S LIKE IT'S
GETTING CLOSER.
MAYBE YOU CAN'T SEE IT 'CAUSE
YOU'RE NOT A SIGNER.
HUH?
UNH, GUYS, GUYS, LOOK,
THERE'S, THERE'S, LIKE
A GIANT FLOATING ROCK
IN THE SKY.
WHEN I WAS SPEAKING TO MY DAD
IN A DREAM I HAD
HE TOLD ME SOMETHING WAS COMING.
SOMETHING VERY DANGEROUS.
Crow: YOU MEAN THE BIG SCARY
ROCK'S NOT COMING
TO BRING US COOKIES?
NO, CROW.
THERE THEY ARE.
WHAT DO YOU THINK
THEY'RE DOING DOWN THERE?
WELL, IT LOOKS LIKE THEY'RE
HAVING A VERY SERIOUS MOMENT.
Primo: SO, YOU MADE IT
TO THE FINALS.
THOSE ARE THE THREE EVIL GUYS
FROM ILLIASTER.
Carly: WELL, COOL,
SEE YOU GUYS LATER.
I'M SORT OF DISAPPOINTED.
AT LEAST TEAM RAGNAROK WOULD'VE
PROVIDED A LITTLE CHALLENGE.
[LAUGHS] BUT YOU GUYS,
NOT SO MUCH.
WHAT'S THIS FLYING ROCK
ALL ABOUT?
DOES IT HAVE SOMETHING
TO DO WITH YOUR SO-CALLED
"GRAND DESIGN?"
OF COURSE IT DOES.
THAT IS THE DIVINE TEMPLE
WHERE ILEIDOS SLEEPS.
THAT IS WHY WE ARE HERE.
WHAT'S THE DIVINE TEMPLE?
Jakob: YOU'LL FIND OUT
SOON ENOUGH
WHEN WE WIN THE GRAND PRIX.
THE DIVINE TEMPLE WILL BE
REVEALED TO ALL
AND COME CRASHING DOWN
TO THE EARTH.
SO, ACTUALLY, YOU MIGHT NOT FIND
OUT, BECAUSE WHEN THAT HAPPENS
IT'LL OBLITERATE
YOUR LITTLE CITY.
[LAUGHS]
[PANTS AND WHIMPERS]
WAIT, HOLD ON,
WHAT DID HE JUST SAY?
OBLITERATE?
NO WAY.
SO THIS TEAM NEW WORLD IS
ACTUALLY A PART OF ILLIASTER?
I DIDN'T SEE THAT COMING.
Carly: WHAT'S GOING ON, JACK?
WHAT'S HAPPENING?
OH, AH!
WHAT IS THAT THING?
IS THAT A FLOATING MOUNTAIN?
WHERE DID IT COME FROM?
IS THAT WHAT'S GONNA
OBLITERATE THE CITY?
WHAT COULD IT POSSIBLY
BE DO...
Jack: CALM DOWN.
THE PEOPLE HAVE GOT TO
SEE THIS, THEY...
WHOA, UH...
WHERE'D THE UPSIDE DOWN
FLOATING MOUNTAIN GO?
I'M STARTING TO THINK I NEED TO
GET MORE SLEEP.
WAS THIS YOUR PLAN ALL ALONG?
OH, LOOK, IT'S
THE CLUELESS CLOWN.
RUMOR IS YOU'RE NOW THE DIRECTOR
OF THIS CITY.
YES, THAT'S RIGHT.
WAIT, THAT MEANS THIS IS ON ME.
I, I HAVE TO SAVE THE CITY!
Jakob: THERE'S ONLY ONE WAY
FOR YOU TO SAVE YOUR CITY.
BUT IT'S PRETTY MUCH IMPOSSIBLE.
YOU'LL HAVE TO BEAT US TOMORROW
IN THE GRAND PRIX FINALS.
[LAUGHS]
SO, BASICALLY, GUYS, THE FATE OF
THE CITY IS IN OUR HANDS.
YOU MEAN THE FATE OF THE WORLD.
Halldor: YOU CANNOT
DOUBT YOURSELVES.
HM?
Mina: HEY, AREN'T THOSE
THE BOYS FROM...?
TEAM RAGNAROK.
HOLD FAST TO YOUR COURAGE.
YOU AND YOUR FRIENDS WERE CHOSEN
BY FORCES GREATER THAN
ALL OF US.
WE, THE DUELISTS
WITH THE RUNE EYES
BELIEVED THAT WE WOULD BE
CHOSEN, BUT WE WERE WRONG.
IT'S UP TO YOU TO DO
WHAT DESTINY BELIEVED
WE COULD NOT DO.
YOU MUST DEFEAT
TEAM NEW WORLD TOMORROW.
SO WIN THE DUEL AND SAVE
THE CITY, JUST LIKE THAT?
I DON'T KNOW WHY, BUT I THINK
HE'S RIGHT.
Halldor: BUT PROCEED
WITH CAUTION, TEAM 5D'S.
I'M NOT AFRAID OF THOSE JERKS.
LET THEM BRING IT.
I'LL SERVE 'EM UP A BARREL FULL
OF JACK ATTACK!
WE'LL GIVE IT OUR EVERYTHING.
AND WE WILL STOP ILLIASTER.
All: TOGETHER.
[CROWD CHEERING]
[FIREWORKS POP]
Man 1: THIS IS AMAZING.
Man 2: COME ON, NEW WORLD!
Women: OH, YEAH!
Lazar: MAYBE IT'S NOT
TOO LATE TO
JUST TAKE MY FAMILY
AND GET OUT OF HERE.
MAYBE GO TO
A TROPICAL ISLAND SOMEWHERE.
I HEAR IT'S NICE IN THE TROPICS.
BUT IF THE WHOLE WORLD ENDS,
IT WON'T BE NICE IN THE TROPICS.
IT WON'T BE NICE ANYWHERE.
OH, WHAT DO I DO, WHAT DO I DO,
WHAT-DO-I-DO, WHAT-DO-I-DO,
WHAT-DO-I-DO, WHAT-DO-I-DO, AHH!
Trudge: DIRECTOR?
WHAT IS IT?
IS IT OVER, ARE WE DOOMED?
NO, NO ONE IS DOOMED.
BUT SHOULDN'T YOU BE,
OH, I DON'T KNOW
DOING YOUR JOB AND WARNING
PEOPLE ABOUT WHAT MIGHT HAPPEN?
YOU MEAN GET ON
THE COM SYSTEM AND SAY
"FYI, EVERYONE,
THE WORLD MIGHT END TODAY."
JUST IMAGINE THE PANIC.
CHAOS WOULD SWEEP THE STREETS.
Trudge: UH...
Lazar: WE'VE GOT TO TRUST YUSEI
AND HIS FRIENDS.
YUSEI, I'M BEGGING YOU,
PLEASE DON'T LOSE.
THIS IS THE MOMENT WE'VE ALL
BEEN WAITING FOR.
WELCOME TO THE GRAND FINALE!
MANY TEAMS HAVE COLLIDED OVER
THE PAST FEW DAYS
BUT THE DUST HAS SETTLED AND NOW
ONLY TWO TEAMS REMAIN.
LET'S HEAR IT FOR TEAM 5D'S
AND TEAM NEW WORLD!
SO I TAKE IT THEY'RE NOT GONNA
TELL PEOPLE
THAT THE APOCALYPSE MIGHT
COMMENCE IF THE BAD GUYS WIN.
NOPE.
COME ON, JACK,
I KNOW YOU'LL SAVE US ALL.
[CROWD CHEERING]
THEY'RE PROBABLY GONNA DO
EVERYTHING THEY CAN
TO SEAL AWAY OUR SYNCHRO
MONSTERS, JACK.
AND WE STILL DON'T KNOW WHAT
JAKOB'S MEKLORD EMPEROR CAN DO.
I'M NOT WORRIED.
THEY DON'T KNOW
WHAT I CAN DO, EITHER.
THAT'S RIGHT, PAL.
GOOD LUCK.
[CROWD CHEERS]
HERE COMES LESTER.
[LESTER CHUCKLES]
ALL RIGHT.
LET'S DO THIS.
WAIT, SERIOUSLY?
THAT PIPSQUEAK'S GONNA DUEL JACK
ON A SKATEBOARD?
[LAUGHING]
DID YOU HEAR?
KINDERGARTEN CALLED, IT'S TIME
FOR YOU TO TAKE YOUR NAP.
[LAUGHS] YOU'RE AS FUNNY
AS YOU LOOK.
HUMPH.
MC: JACK AND LESTER ARE
AT THE STARTING LINE.
THE FINAL DUEL
IS ABOUT TO BEGIN.
Female Computer Voice:
Duel mode engaged.
MC: EVERYTHING HAS BEEN BUILDING
UP TO THIS DAY, TO THIS MOMENT
TO THIS FINAL DUEL.
[BEEP]
AND LESTER TEARS OFF
INTO THE LEAD.
COME ON NOW, JACK.
DON'T LET HIM GET
THE FIRST DRAW.
MC: THEY'RE NECK AND NECK AS
THEY ENTER THE FIRST CURVE.
DON'T UNDERESTIMATE
MY RUNNER, RUNT!
HEH, YOU WANT IT THAT BADLY?
HERE, BE MY GUEST.
MC: IN THE FINAL SECONDS,
JACK ATLAS PULLS AHEAD
AND TAKES THE FIRST CORNER.
ALL RIGHT, THIS DUEL'S
OFF TO A GOOD START.
CRUSH HIM, JACK-Y.
NICE.
NOW DON'T YOU WASTE THIS, JACK.
OPEN WITH A BANG.
TIME TO BATTLE.
I SUMMON THE TUNER MONSTER DARK
RESONATOR IN DEFENSE MODE.
THEN I PLACE THREE CARDS
FACEDOWN AND END MY TURN.
[LESTER LAUGHS]
FIRST MOVE AND YOU BUST OUT
A SYNCHRO MONSTER?
SEEMS YOU MAY'VE FORGOTTEN THAT
OUR MEKLORD EMPERORS
EAT SYNCHROS FOR BREAKFAST.
I HOPE, FOR YOUR SAKE, THAT
YOU'VE GOT MORE TRICKS
UP YOUR SLEEVE THAN
SOME HIDEOUS HUNK OF BOLTS.
YOU HAVE NO IDEA
HOW MANY TRICKS WE'VE GOT.
JACK THEN STOP YAPPING
AND GET TO DUELING.
[LESTER LAUGHS]
I THINK I WILL.
SO GET READY.
Lester: IT'S MY TURN.
HERE GOES.
I SUMMON SKY CORE
IN DEFENSE MODE.
Bruno: THAT'S ONE OF
THEIR KEY CARDS.
HE'S DEFINITELY TRYING TO SUMMON
A MEKLORD EMPEROR.
YUP.
Lester: I LAY DOWN THREE
FACE DOWNS AND END MY TURN.
NOW SHOW ME
WHAT YOU'VE GOT, JACK.
Jack: WHEN HIS SKY CORE IS
DESTROYED BECAUSE OF AN EFFECT
HE CAN BRING A MEKLORD EMPEROR
TO THE FIELD
WHICH MEANS THOSE FACEDOWN
CARDS ARE TRAP CARDS
THAT WILL ALLOW HIM TO DESTROY
IT HIMSELF.
HA, THE DUEL'S JUST BEGUN
AND I'M ALREADY THREE STEPS
AHEAD OF HIM.
LET'S KICK THIS UP A NOTCH.
FIRST, I ACTIVATE
THE DIMENSION SWITCH TRAP CARD.
BY TURNING THIS CARD'S EFFECT ON
AND OFF, I CAN EITHER
REMOVE ONE MONSTER FROM PLAY
OR BRING IT BACK TO THE FIELD.
SWITCH ON.
NOW I CAN REMOVE
DARK RESONATOR.
THEN I SUMMON GEAR CHANGER
TO THE FIELD.
[CHIMES SOUND LIQUIDLY]
ONCE IT'S OUT AND ABOUT,
GEAR CHANGER'S LEVEL INCREASES
BY THE LEVEL OF THE MONSTER
ON YOUR FIELD.
OBVIOUSLY THEN, I WISH YOU HAD
A MORE POWERFUL MONSTER
IN PLAY AT THE MOMENT
BUT I'LL STILL GLADLY
ABSORB SKY CORE'S ONE LEVEL.
WITH THAT DONE
I CAN RETURN DARK RESONATOR
TO THE FIELD
BY FLIPPING THE DIMENSION SWITCH
FROM ON TO OFF.
AND NOW IT'S TIME
FOR A LITTLE TUNING ACTION.
MY LEVEL-THREE DARK RESONATOR
TUNES MY LEVEL-FIVE
GEAR CHANGER.
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND!
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
TWO ROUNDS IN AND JACK ATLAS
HAS ALREADY BROUGHT HIS ACE
TO THE DUEL.
[LAUGHS] SO FAR YOU'VE DONE
PRETTY MUCH EVERYTHING
I PREDICTED YOU WOULD.
Jack: OH WELL, EXCUSE ME.
I WOULDN'T WANT TO
BORE YOU NOW, WOULD I?
YOU WANT ME TO DAZZLE YOU
WITH A SURPRISE?
FINE.
HERE'S SOMETHING
YOU DIDN'T SEE COMING.
I SUMMON TO THE FIELD THE TUNER
MONSTER TRUST GUARDIAN.
[CHIMES SOUND LIQUIDLY]
AND SINCE RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND
IS IN FLIGHT ABOVE MY FIELD
I ALSO HAVE THE ABILITY TO
SUMMON THIS MONSTER
DIRECTLY FROM MY HAND.
I GIVE YOU RED NOVA.
AW, WAKE ME UP WHEN YOU DO
SOMETHING INTERESTING.
THERE'S NO WAY YOU'LL
SLEEP THROUGH THIS.
THIS ONE'S FOR MY FRIENDS.
TRUST GUARDIAN AND RED NOVA
WORK TOGETHER
TO DOUBLE TUNE
RED DRAGON ARCHFIEND.
[RED DRAGON ROARS]
I SYNCHRO SUMMON
RED NOVA DRAGON!
[RED NOVA DRAGON ROARS]
YEAH.
MY SENTIMENTS EXACTLY, LEO.
Jack: RED NOVA DRAGON
GAINS 500 ATTACK POINTS
FOR EVERY TUNER IN MY GRAVEYARD.
DARK RESONATOR,
TRUST GUARDIAN AND RED NOVA
ARE ALL IN MY GRAVEYARD
SO RED NOVA DRAGON GAINS 1500
ATTACK POINTS.
Lester: AT THIS POINT,
YOUR IGNORANCE IS REALLY
STARTING TO AMAZE ME.
Jack: WELL, YOU'LL REALLY BE
AMAZED WHEN RED NOVA DRAGON
ATTACKS SKY CORE.
THERE WE GO.
IF THIS WORKS,
THEN LESTER WON'T BE ABLE TO
SUMMON A MEKLORD EMPEROR.
NAH, UH-UH.
I REVEAL MY TRAP.
TWIN VORTEX CAN ANNIHILATE
ONE OF YOUR MONSTERS
ALONG WITH ONE OF MINE.
EXCEPT THAT RED NOVA DRAGON
CAN'T BE DESTROYED BY A SPELL
TRAP OR MONSTER EFFECT.
[LAUGHS] WHO CARES?
I REALLY ONLY CARED ABOUT
DESTROYING SKY CORE.
AND NOW THAT SKY CORE'S BEEN
DESTROYED BY AN EFFECT
I CAN GET THE PARTY STARTED.
I CAN SUMMON MEKLORD EMPEROR
SKIEL INFINITY,
SKIEL TOP, SKIEL ATTACK,
SKIEL GUARD AND SKIEL CARRIER
FROM MY DECK HAND AND GRAVEYARD.
AND NOW THEY ALL COME TOGETHER
TO FORM MEKLORD EMPEROR SKIEL!
[MECHANICAL HUMMING]
GET READY TO GET WALLOPED.
'CAUSE THIS GUY POWERS UP
BY ABSORBING THE ATTACK POWER
OF ALL ITS INDIVIDUAL PARTS.
Meklord Emperor Skiel
is a machine-type monster
with 2200 attack points
and 2200 defense points.
WHAT'S JACK GONNA DO NOW?
WHATEVER HE HAS TO.
THAT MONSTER IS MONSTROUS.
JACK CAN TAKE IT.
CAN'T HE?
MC: LESTER HAS WASTED NO TIME
IN GETTING HIS SYNCHRO-STOPPING
MEKLORD EMPEROR ONTO THE FIELD.
Man: LOOK AT THAT THING.
IT'S SO GRAND.
Woman: I'VE NEVER SEEN
ANYTHING LIKE IT.
TWENTY-TWO HUNDRED
ATTACK POINTS?
DO YOU REALLY THINK THAT'S
ENOUGH TO SCARE OFF MY MONSTER?
TAKE FLIGHT, RED NOVA DRAGON,
AND RID THE FIELD OF MEKLORD
EMPEROR SKIEL.
GO BLAZING SOUL STRIKE!
NOBODY'S GONNA BE
RIDDING ANYTHING
'CAUSE SKIEL GUARD'S
SPECIAL ABILITY
LETS IT NEGATE YOUR MONSTER'S
ATTACK ONCE A TURN.
Jack: I'M WELL AWARE OF YOUR
MONSTER'S ABILITIES
WHICH IS WHY I LAID THIS TRAP:
POWER PRESSURE.
WHEN A MONSTER'S ATTACK
IS NEGATED
THIS TRAP CAN SLAM YOU
FOR 1000 POINTS OF DAMAGE.
HA, HA, I'M GLAD YOU DID THAT.
'CAUSE NOW I CAN ACTIVATE
INFINITE AURA.
INFINITE AURA GAINS ONE COUNTER
FOR EVERY 100 POINTS OF DAMAGE
THAT I TAKE.
AND THEN WHAT HAPPENS?
Lester: THAT'S FOR ME TO KNOW
AND YOU TO FIND OUT.
LET'S JUST SAY
WHEN INFINITE AURA
ABSORBS ENOUGH DAMAGE
YOU DO NOT WANT TO BE
ANYWHERE NEAR IT.
[LAUGHS]
Jack: SO RIGHT NOW,
IT DOES NOTHING.
GOT YA.
THEN I END MY TURN.
Crow: ALL RIGHT, JACK!
THAT WAS A REALLY GOOD
ROUND FOR US.
JACK REMAINED UNSCATHED.
THIS IS SO GREAT.
Luna: WOO-HOO!
Primo: THAT FOOL ATLAS
HAS NO IDEA WHAT HE'S TRIGGERED.
Jakob: INDEED, THIS IS THE
BEGINNING OF THE END.
Lester: IT'S MY MOVE, JACKY!
AND I ACTIVATE MEKLORD EMPEROR
SKIEL'S SPECIAL ABILITY.
ONCE A TURN, THIS BAD BOY CAN
ABSORB ONE SYNCHRO MONSTER.
IF YOU DON'T MIND,
I'LL TAKE RED NOVA DRAGON.
Jack: ACTUALLY, I DO MIND.
NOW, BY REMOVING MY RED NOVA
DRAGON FROM PLAY
FROM PLAY, I CAN PUT A STOP TO
YOUR MONSTER'S SPECIAL ABILITY.
HOW'S THAT FOR A SURPRISE?
WITH NO TARGET, YOUR SPECIAL
ABILITY IS COMPLETELY USELESS.
YOUR EMPEROR CAN'T
ABSORB MY DRAGON.
SWEET.
HE DID IT.
AS LONG AS JACK HAS
RED NOVA DRAGON'S POWER
HE DOESN'T EVEN NEED TO BE
SCARED OF MEKLORD EMPEROR.
YEAH.
Lester: HUMPH, YOU'RE NO FUN.
I END MY TURN
WITH A FACEDOWN CARD.
Jack: AND WITH THAT RED NOVA
DRAGON RETURNS TO THE FIELD.
MC: LOOKS LIKE JACK ATLAS HAS
FOUND A WAY TO SEVERELY CRIPPLE
LESTER'S STRATEGY.
AND BLOCKING HIS WAY IS JACK
ATLAS'S NEWEST ACE,
RED NOVA DRAGON.
THAT LITTLE HALF-PINT HAS LOST
HIS ABILITY TO COUNTERATTACK.
THAT'S GREAT AND ALL
BUT NOW NEITHER ONE OF THEM
CAN DEAL ANY DAMAGE.
CARLY'S RIGHT-- IT
SEEMS LIKE WE COULD HAVE
A STALEMATE ON OUR HANDS.
Lazar: COME ON, JACK.
MAKE SOMETHING HAPPEN.
WIN THIS THING ALREADY.
I'M GOING CRAZY, HERE!
Jack: THIS IS THE STANDOFF
I'VE BEEN BUILDING TOWARDS.
SOON, RED NOVA DRAGON
WILL HAVE NOTHING TO FEAR FROM
YOUR MEKLORD EMPEROR.
IT'S MY TURN.
HMPH.
I'M SUMMONING FORCE RESONATOR.
BY SENDING THIS BLOKE
TO THE GRAVEYARD
I CAN PREVENT YOUR MONSTER FROM
ACTIVATING ITS SPECIAL ABILITY
WHEN MY SYNCHRO MONSTER
ATTACKS THIS TURN.
WHICH MEANS RED NOVA DRAGON CAN
TEAR INTO YOUR EMPEROR
AND THERE IS NOTHING
YOU CAN DO ABOUT IT.
UM, SAY WHAT?
OH, AND NOW THAT THERE'S ANOTHER
TUNER IN MY GRAVEYARD
RED NOVA DRAGON GAINS ANOTHER
500 ATTACK POINTS.
THIS BATTLE IS MINE.
RED NOVA DRAGON, SOAR IN AND
ATTACK MEKLORD EMPEROR SKIEL!
GO BLAZING SOUL STRIKE!
[WHOOSHING SOUNDS]
Lester: I ACTIVATE
THE INFINITE PRISON TRAP.
BY PULLING ONE CARD FROM
MY HAND AND DISCARDING IT
I CAN USE INFINITE PRISON TO
TAKE ONE MONSTER CARD
FROM MY GRAVEYARD
AND TREAT IT AS IF IT WERE
A SPELL CARD.
THAT'S USELESS.
IT CAN'T SAVE
YOUR MEKLORD EMPEROR
AND IT CAN'T SAVE YOU.
[LESTER GRUNTS]
Lester: NOW MY INFINITE AURA'S
EFFECT KICKS IN.
AND THAT MEANS IT NOW GAINS A
COUNTER
FOR EVERY 100
POINTS OF DAMAGE I TOOK
MC: LADIES AND GENTLEMEN,
IT... IS... OVER!
JACK ATLAS HAS BURIED
TEAM NEW WORLD'S LESTER
BENEATH AN AVALANCHE OF
ONE-HUNDRED-PERCENT
PURIFIED PERFECTION!
Luna: ALL RIGHT!
YEAH, YOU DID IT, JACK!
YEAH, KEEP THE MOMENTUM GOING.
SEND THE NEXT JOKER
TO THE SAME PLACE.
Yusei: SOMETHING'S NOT RIGHT.
THAT WAS WAY TOO EASY.
WAY TO TAKE ONE FOR THE TEAM.
YOU DID WELL.
WHATEVER.
IT WOULD'VE BEEN YOU
TAKING THE FALL
IF I HADN'T LOST TO YOU
IN ROCK, PAPER, SCISSORS.
STUPID SCISSORS.
Jakob: WHAT MATTERS IS
THAT OUR PLAN IS IN MOTION.
THEY'VE THRUST THEMSELVES
INTO A TEMPEST
FROM WHICH THEY CANNOT ESCAPE.
RIGHT.
I THINK IT'S SAFE TO SAY
THAT NEW DOMINO CITY'S TIME
IS ALMOST UP.